Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes.
It had been twenty long and excruciating minutes.
David had promised that he would be on time today.
He never was, but he had promised this one time.
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise.
Now she was paying the price.

The rain and wind abruptly stopped, but the sky still had the gray swirls of storms in the distance.
Dave knew this feeling all too well.
The calm before the storm. He only had a limited amount of time before all heck broke loose, but he stopped to admire the calmness.
Maybe it would be different this time, he thought, with the knowledge deep within that it wouldn't.

The kids were loud.
They were way too loud for Jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight.
The parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them.
They were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest.
He thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea.
Sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end up in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point.

They needed to find a place to eat.
The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown.
Even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy.
Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others.
It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown.
Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly.

There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention.
It was the clouds. The deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these.
She knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.
